Fix #68: Add the `CsrfHeaderMiddleware` middleware to use custom HTTP header to prevent forgery of requests, add the `CsrfMiddleware::withSafeMethods()` method to configure a custom safe HTTP methods list (#68)
yiisoft/csrf: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.1.2 under development

> - New #68: Add the `CsrfHeaderMiddleware` middleware for employing custom HTTP header to prevent forgery of requests (@olegbaturin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New #68: Add the `CsrfHeaderMiddleware` middleware to use custom HTTP header to prevent forgery of requests (@olegbaturin)
```

> - Enh #68: Add the `CsrfMiddleware::withSafeMethods()` method to configuure a custom safe HTTP methods list (@olegbaturin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enh #68: Add the `CsrfMiddleware::withSafeMethods()` method to configure a custom safe HTTP methods list (@olegbaturin)
```
